that that agent completed
its work in. And
you know, you can
see here that it
moved to done. It
looks like another task
got completed as well,
but this is finished.
And if we click
this, you can see,
Live updates, right? There's
its summary. And of
course, this is a
presentational example. I've just
kind of breezed through
what this could look
like, but you can
put anything you want
here. You wanna be
observing and monitoring your
agentic system very well
in your Outloop review
system. Again, just examples,
just working through this
with you so you
can understand, right? Everything
I'm doing here is
built to help you
understand what you can